Data handling (#1)
ipab-rad/tartan_forklift: README.md

# tartan_dataset_management
Collection of tools to manage ROSbag recordings data from AV vehicle

# metadata generator usage

1. Setup
 Ensure all dependencies are installed. You can use the following command to install required packages:

 ```bash
    pip install mcap
```

2. Running the Script
 To generate the metadata JSON file, follow these steps:

 Place all your MCAP files in a directory.

 Update the create_resources_json function call with the path to your directory:

 ```bash
    create_resources_json('path/to/your/dataset/directory')
```
 Run the script:

 ```bash
    python metadata_generator.py

> ```

Reviewer: I think you need to apply identation so the README is well formated

# tartan_dataset_management
Collection of tools to manage ROSbag recordings data from AV vehicle

# metadata generator usage

1. Setup
 Ensure all dependencies are installed. You can use the following command to install required packages:

 ```bash
    pip install mcap
 ```

2. Running the Script
To generate the metadata JSON file, follow these steps:

Place all your MCAP files in a directory.
The default directory is `/recorded_datasets/edinburgh`
Run the script:

 ```bash
    python metadata_generator.py
 ```

If you want to generate metadata for files in a specified path. 
Run the script:
 ```bash
    python metadata_generator.py -p path/to/file
 ```

3. Output

> The script will generate a resources.json file in the specified directory. This JSON file will contain metadata for each MCAP file in the directory.

Reviewer: - The identation is still missing
- It would be good if you elaborate on what does the script does, inputs and outputs. Maybe mentioned that "creates a `resources.json` that complies with the EIDF requirements" and you can add the link as hyperlink

Author: Readme is updated with indentation and more detailed information.

# tartan_dataset_management
Collection of tools to manage ROSbag recordings data from AV vehicle

## Metadata Generator Usage

> This script is used to generate metadata for ROSbag MCAP files. The metadata is compiled into a `resources.json` file that complies with the [EIDF requirements](https://github.com/marioa/eidf-docs/blob/data_ingest/docs/dataingest/ResourceMetaDataUserDoc.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script generates metadata for ROSbag MCAP files. The metadata is compiled into a `resources.json` file that complies with ...
```
